README.md, before:

<img src="newman-slack.png" />

# Newman to Slack
Runs a Newman test script and outputs the summary to a Slack webhook 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cameronoxley/Newman-to-Slack.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cameronoxley/Newman-to-Slack)
[![Newman Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/newman-v3.1.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/postmanlabs/newman/releases)

##Getting Started

1. [Install Newman](https://github.com/postmanlabs/newman): ```$ npm install -g newman``` (Requires [Node 4+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/))
2. [Create a new Slack incoming webhook](https://my.slack.com/services/new/incoming-webhook/) and copy your webhook URL
3. [Download the latest release](https://github.com/cameronoxley/Newman-to-Slack/releases/latest) of Newman to Slack
4. Run `$ ./Newman-to-Slack.sh`

Thats it!

###Usage

```bash
Newman-to-Slack.sh -- Runs a Newman test script and outputs the summary to a Slack webhook

    Options:
        -h, --help                        Show this help text
        -c, --collection      [arg]       URL or path to a Postman Collection
        -f, --config          [file]      Run a bash configuration environment (overwrites passed args)
        -e, --environment     [file]      Postman Environment to reference
        -w, --webhook         [url]       Slack Webhook URL
        -g, --global          [file]      Postman Global Environment
        -a, --additional      [command]   Additional Newman command
        -v, --verbose         [-v -v]     Verbose (add more -v for increased verbosity)
        -V, --version                     Version

    Where: -c [arg] and -w [url] is required
```

###Examples

######Run a collection and post the summary to a Slack channel

```bash
$ ./Newman-to-Slack.sh -c mycollection.json.postman_collection -w https://hooks.slack.com/services/url
```

<img src="newman-slack-output.png" />

## Issues
Permission issues? Try `chmod 744 Newman-to-Slack.sh` first.

## Changelog

View the [Changelog](https://github.com/cameronoxley/Newman-to-Slack/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## Newman v3.1+

The latest version of Newman is required to run Newman-to-Slack.

See the [migration guide](https://github.com/postmanlabs/newman/blob/develop/MIGRATION.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Update to Version 2.1.0
- Added check for Node Version
- Updated Issues section in Readme
- Updated Changelog

README.md, after:

<img src="newman-slack.png" />

# Newman to Slack
Runs a Newman test script and outputs the summary to a Slack webhook 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cameronoxley/Newman-to-Slack.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cameronoxley/Newman-to-Slack)

##Getting Started

1. [Install Newman v3+](https://github.com/postmanlabs/newman): ```$ npm install -g newman``` (Requires [Node v4+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/))
2. [Create a new Slack incoming webhook](https://my.slack.com/services/new/incoming-webhook/) and copy your webhook URL
3. [Download the latest release](https://github.com/cameronoxley/Newman-to-Slack/releases/latest) of Newman to Slack
4. Run `$ ./Newman-to-Slack.sh`

Thats it!

###Usage

```bash
Newman-to-Slack.sh -- Runs a Newman test script and outputs the summary to a Slack webhook

    Options:
        -h, --help                        Show this help text
        -c, --collection      [arg]       URL or path to a Postman Collection
        -f, --config          [file]      Run a bash configuration environment (overwrites passed args)
        -e, --environment     [file]      Postman Environment to reference
        -w, --webhook         [url]       Slack Webhook URL
        -g, --global          [file]      Postman Global Environment
        -a, --additional      [command]   Additional Newman command
        -v, --verbose         [-v -v]     Verbose (add more -v for increased verbosity)
        -V, --version                     Version

    Where: -c [arg] and -w [url] is required
```

###Examples

######Run a collection and post the summary to a Slack channel

```bash
$ ./Newman-to-Slack.sh -c mycollection.json.postman_collection -w https://hooks.slack.com/services/url
```

<img src="newman-slack-output.png" />

## Issues
- Permission issues? Try `chmod 744 Newman-to-Slack.sh` first.
- Empty `````` output in Slack? Check Newman & Node versions.

### Newman v3.1+
The [latest version](https://github.com/postmanlabs/newman/releases) of Newman is required to run Newman-to-Slack.

See the [migration guide](https://github.com/postmanlabs/newman/blob/develop/MIGRATION.md) for more information.

### Node v4+
Newman v3+ requires that [Node v4+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/) is installed.

## Changelog

View the [Changelog](https://github.com/cameronoxley/Newman-to-Slack/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
